Deprecate Gnarails (#172)
TheGnarCo/gnarails: README.md

# This Gem has been Deprecated

> If you are looking to build rails apps with Gnarly Opinions, check out the `init` command of [`gnar-cli`].

Reviewer: should `gnar-cli` link to the Gnar CLI repo or somewhere similar?

Author: Duh, Yep!

> If you are looking to build rails apps with Gnarly Opinions, check out the `init` command of [`gnar-cli`].

Author: ```suggestion
If you are looking to build rails apps with Gnarly Opinions, check out the `init` command of [`gnar-cli`]('github.com/theGnarCo/gnar-cli').
```

> If you are looking to build rails apps with Gnarly Opinions, check out the `init` command of [`gnar-cli`]('github.com/theGnarCo/gnar-cli').

Author: ```suggestion
If you are looking to build rails apps with Gnarly Opinions, check out the `init` command of [`gnar-cli`](github.com/theGnarCo/gnar-cli).
```
